# Data Report

## General summary of the data
awe_2017_20180223 was generated by Edwin Sanchez in Risk Adjustment. He extracted it from [do not know exact source] at Mark Ishimatsu's request, validated it within his team (Risk Adjustment under Mark Ishimatsu>team managed by Meredith Diep), and shared it with us in a dedicated Plano drive. It arrived in Plano on 20180223. The file exists in response to the following exchange with Mark Ishimatsu: 

---
From: Mark Ishimatsu 
Sent: Wednesday, January 17, 2018 3:59 PM
To: Nathalie Blume <NBlume@lacare.org>
Subject: RE: Follow-up: Adjunct providers' Well Visits data -->(into) Readmission risk score

I will have my manager send you the info.

Please note that we do not code ALL the data from our AWE forms. We only code the Risk Adjustment related components.  These are Dx codes (ICD-10) and member/provider information. 

We are still working on solution(s) to get all the data coded from our forms to make these data into tables and available for analysis.  But to date we do not have all the data from these forms into a form outside of images of the forms (with the exception of risk adjustment related elements).

Mark

From: Nathalie Blume 
Sent: Wednesday, January 17, 2018 3:51 PM
To: Mark Ishimatsu <MIshimatsu@lacare.org>
Cc: Brandon Shelton <BShelton@lacare.org>
Subject: Follow-up: Adjunct providers' Well Visits data -->(into) Readmission risk score

Hi Mark,

Thank you for a valuable meeting earlier today.

Could you send me the following when you have a chance: (1) The blank well-visit form used by adjuncts (2) the list of names/unique identifiers for the ~750 members who received well-visits last year and (3) the list of ~5100 members who will be offered well-visits this year, (4) the location of the data that result from well-visits (or a referral to someone who might be able to point me to that location). 

Brandon’s and my plan is to dig into the well-visit data at the same time that I am building models of all-cause readmission risk + cost across the full L.A. Care membership.  Then I’ll come back with concrete ideas (or maybe further questions) that’ll move us toward mining the well-visit data on behalf of the PPGs. 
---

## Data quality summary

## Target variable
readmission (not in this data set)

## Individual variables
mbr_hic_nbr
cpt_code_1:2
icd_code_1:30
risk_assessment_code
dos_from
dos_thru

## Variable ranking

## Relationship between explanatory variables and target variable
Mobile WellVisits are conducted on members for whom little health data are available and who present some indication of elevated health risk. An example is a member whose mobility prevents them from visiting a PCP. Mobile WellVisits produce diagnostic scores for at-risk patients. These Dx determine which predictive model to apply in scoring a member's readmission risk. 
